Positive Notes

Nolan Manteufel
20 MAY 2024
Houston TX

Last week Houston got hit with a storm that disabled large portions of the electric grid. It also broke one of the skylights at work and lots of rain got into the building. Within a day or two without air conditioning the building became very stuffy. Today we were powering the building off a generator, so we were unable to run major equipment and only briefly run the air conditioning system. I was concerned that the mold at work might make me feel unhealthy today...and it did.

In the recent past I've been very sensitive to mold. Both my house in San Antonio and my brother's house in Corpus were unbearable. I discovered that running a UVC lamp and scrubbing the air with activated carbon filters and a box fan made a huge difference. The UVC creates ozone, which is responsible for destroying mold, bacteria and viruses. Ozone is also unhealthy to breath and seemed to react with a polyester(?) blanket I had - making my skin itch.

Sure enough, I experienced unwanted unpleasant thoughts along the thought process of "what if God is evil?" The ideas were scary and extended thinking I experienced last year. I was able to recognize that these thoughts are probably the result of my body coping with environmental stressors, and I quietly stepped outside for a few minutes. The sun felt wonderful. The shade was also refreshing. It was a beautiful Texas afternoon. I was able to stay positive the rest of the day, but it feels like my body is cleaning toxins out of my blood - the toxins having come from the stuffy air at work.

Our lead electronics assembly line worker has been experiencing health issues recently. I'm preparing to ask work to invest in an air scrubber system that includes UVC, activated carbon, and HEPA filters.

To say the least, life is an interesting experience.

Every day is an opportunity to move toward a happier healthier future.

It is okay to not know the answer to questions.
It is okay to not ask.
It is okay to not be able to affect change.

Love can exist after learning.

Live, love, learn. Or any permutation you prefer.

If I could go back and change my 12 year old prayer, I would focus my life ambitions more on enjoying what human life and culture have to offer. But no! I began to seek out an invisible thing that is thought to have the widest intellectual and emotional range imaginable. Basically I was asking for my brain and body to be overwhelmed at a young age. I'm sad to think about the things I missed because I was focusing on God. And if God doesn't understand my sense of loss, God doesn't value human experience the way I do today.

On a positive note...tomorrow is another day.